:book: add supportability info into README (only linux/amd64) (#3362)
replicatedhq/kots: README.md

Set a namespace for the admin console and the application components to be installed, and provide a password for the admin console. After this command completes, the kotsadm Admin Console will be running in your cluster, listening on port :8800 on a ClusterIP service in the namespace you deployed the application to. By default this is exposed to your workstation using kubectl port-forward, but you could set up an ingress/load balancer of your own.

> **NOTE** Currently, KotsAdmin can **only** be scheduled on clusters with the `linux/amd64` platform.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE** Currently, the kotsadm pod can **only** be scheduled on nodes with the `linux/amd64` platform.  
```

kubectl kots admin-console --namespace sentry-pro
```

## Supportability

> Currently, Kots CLI tool supports OSX (indeed Apple Silicon arm64) and Linux platforms. However, its operations
> can **only** be performed and support on clusters with the `linux/amd64` platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the KOTS CLI supports OSX (including Apple Silicon arm64) and Linux platforms. However, the Kubernetes resources
that it creates can **only** be scheduled on nodes with the `linux/amd64` platform.
```
